We are at the top of the funnel
that is the top of the funnel and
here you already know what
we want is basically generate
traffic, attract visitors to our
website.
Well, what we want is that there
is the largest volume possible,
the better, the lowest possible
cost and also not only is a matter
of quantity but it is a very
important matter of quality,
that those visits be visits
of quality, that is, that it
is people who have a certain interest
in our value proposal,
because otherwise it will
not buy us.
If we get a million visits every
month from Chinese, who don'
t understand Spanish, well,
because even if we cost very
little each of those visits,
we are really taking
the money.
The important thing here at this
level is that you know what the
tools are, the channels that can
be used to contribute to those
goals, to generate more traffic
at a lower cost of more quality
and there are many channels and
what we have to do is
know them, understand how each
of them works, what
implications they have, what
is the cost, what is the effort
to develop it, etc. And from
there we will have to make a
mix and opt for the channels
that jointly help us
to reach our goals.
What I am going to do now is, I
will name them, I will explain
them in a very short way and we will
leave you information if you
want to go deeper.
We'll sort the channels into two blocks,
as we've seen in Outbound Marketing
and Inbound Marketing and
we'll start with the Outbound.
How can we impact our customers
by making an investment and paying
for that traffic?
First, we cannot avoid offline
campaigns, advertising on
radio, television, in the
press, making telemarketing,
buzzing, etc.
In this case it is not performance,
that is, we will not pay in
particular, we will not be
able to variate our investment, we
will make an investment in a campaign
and we will see how much traffic
we generate.
It is also normal to opt for online
campaigns and online campaigns
we can do in very different
ways, for example in social
media, social media
marketing, hiring ads on
Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube, etc.
We can opt for search engine
marketing, which is SEM, that
when someone does a search,
you appear on the top on the
right and for every person
who clicks on you is costing
you.
We can choose to do online advertising
in display format, in video
format, in banners, this is very
broad.
It is very broad in terms of different
formats and in terms of the
channels in which we can appear.
You can appear on social media,
you can appear on forums,
you can appear on other
websites, etc.
You can, as I said, do it in
very different ways.
There are also very different
ways to hire this.
You can hire it directly to the
medium, you can do it through
an agency or you can, for
example, use programming, which
is something we'll see, which
allows you to very agile
to hire space on a lot of media
at a time.
You will see that it is very interesting.
Another important concept is
remarketing or retargeting, which
is what we do to impact
people who have visited
us or who have liked a post
on a social network, etc.
Email marketing.
Basically email marketing is
to make a massive emailing,
communicating our proposal
and we can do it in different
ways too, with a base we have
or do it through an agency
that has its databases,
etc.
Or we can choose to do campaigns
with influencers, which usually what
you do is to hire an influencer
who makes a video or sponsors
a video of him or she recommends
you, for example, putting
a Twitter, etc.
We also have the alternatives of
the inbound channels and the most
known is SEO, which allows us to
be well positioned search engines
and when someone does a search,
you appear, but in this case
the traffic does not cost you and
is a very sustainable
way to generate traffic.
The ass is the same, but for
mobile apps to be well positioned
in Google Play or
iOS stores.
When you do a search, imagine
you want to download an app
to check the weather, the
weather.
You put the time and there
are several.
The best positions are those that have
the most options.
It works just like SEO.
More inbound marketing strategies,
well, because what is called
content marketing.
Generate valuable content on social networks,
blogs, in newsletters, on different
sites, which what it does is that
you are generating a lot
of traffic.
Or, for example, PR, which
are public relations, which
we will do is try
to manage so that the
media talk about us.
Well, as I said, what you have
to have is the perspective of all,
of which are the different
alternatives.
And what we have to do is make
a comparison between all of them
based on different variables
to see which are the ones that
are most suitable for us.